Create zarangollo.md (#417)
LukeSmithxyz/based.cooking: src/zarangollo.md

# Zarangollo

Simple veggie starter/side dish from Murcia (Southeastern Spain)

- ⏲️ Prep time: 5 min
- 🍳Cook time: 10-15 min
- 🍽️ Servings: 2

## Ingredients

- Onion
- Eggplant
- Olive oil

> - Egg (optional)

Reviewer: Having explicit amounts here would be useful. I assume from the context in the directions that this calls for 1 onion and 1 eggplant etc, but having explicit values would be ideal I think.

## Directions

> 1. Cut onion in julianne (a third or half of an onion ring)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Cut onion in julienne (a third or half of an onion ring)
```

I assume you mean `julienne`? Or am I just wrong here.

2. Cut the eggplant in slices or chunks that can fit in a teaspoon
3. Add oil to a pan (not a shallow one, wide and a bit deep is ideal if you have one) until it barely covers the vegetables

> 4. Cook and stirr in medium heat until they are tender, caramelized and translucid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Cook and stir in medium heat until they are tender, caramelized and translucent
```
